                              Program SYN
                              3 May 2022

syn <input file name> [options]

Stripped-down version of the source to source translator (SST) that only
works on syntax definition (.SYN) files for input.  Executable code is
written that parses an input stream according to the syntax definition,
and builds a syntax tree using the SYN library.  The syntax definition
language is described in the "syn_file" documentation file.

Valid command line options are:

  -OUT <output file name>

    Explicitly specify the output file name.  The default output file will
    go into the current working directory with its generic name the same
    as the input file's generic leafname.  The output file name will
    always end with the suffix specified in the configuration file, even
    if specified explicitly here.

  -CONFIG <config file name>

    Specify the target machine configuration file name.  The default
    configuration file is "lib/config_sst" within the software
    installation directory.

  -DEBUG level

    Specify the desired conditional compilation debugging level.  Level 0
    specifies to ignore any optional debugging source code.  Levels 1-n
    specify successively more debugging code be used.  The exact behaviour
    depends on the particular front ends.  The selected debug level number
    is made available to the front end.  The default is 0.

  -SHOW_UNUSED level -SHOW_UNUSED ALL

    Control listing of unused symbols.  Level indicates how many nested
    files down unused symbols may be listed from.  A level of 0 prevents
    all unused symbols from being listed.  Level 1 causes them only to be
    listed from the top source file (not from any include files).  Level 2
    lists unused symbols from the first level of include file, etc. The
    special level ID "ALL" causes unused symbols to be listed without
    regard to their source file nesting level.  The default is level set
    to 1 (list only the unused symbols declared in the top source file).

  -TIME

    This option causes timing information to be written after translation
    is complete.  The default is not to show any timing information.
